Implement new GetContextInfo API overloads (#49186)
dotnet/runtime: docs/project/list-of-obsoletions.md

|  __`SYSLIB0011`__ | `BinaryFormatter` serialization is obsolete and should not be used. See https://aka.ms/binaryformatter for recommended alternatives. |
|  __`SYSLIB0012`__ | Assembly.CodeBase and Assembly.EscapedCodeBase are only included for .NET Framework compatibility. Use Assembly.Location instead. |
|  __`SYSLIB0013`__ | Uri.EscapeUriString can corrupt the Uri string in some cases. Consider using Uri.EscapeDataString for query string components instead. |
|  __`SYSLIB0015`__ | DisablePrivateReflectionAttribute has no effect in .NET 6.0+ applications. |

> |  __`SYSLIB0016`__ | Use the other GetContextInfo overloads for better performance and fewer allocations. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  __`SYSLIB0016`__ | Use the Graphics.GetContextInfo overloads that accept arguments for better performance and fewer allocations. |
```
